
NO!!! I don't want these updates. We both know they are inefficient! Let's go back to the drawing board for the way we parse and register functions. We both know that for the parsing, once we see a let token and the following identifier, if an identifier or keyword (except be) (max_of), a left-paren (max$..), or a colon follows(max$0), we know this is a function, and so as we come across identifiers (or keywords, both act as labels in this case), we take the name of the identifier or keyword from its name property and append it to the mangled name with the _ in front of it, okay. then if we come across a (, we expect at least one identifier inside it, and so we count its arguments and append the amount with a $ in front of it to the mangled name, okay. and if we immediately come across a : after the initial identifier, the function has no arguments and just a $0 is appended to it, okay, if not, once we come across the : later on, that signifies the end of the function signature, and the mangled name is complete, right ? then we parse and function body as usual.. now the data structure we should use to store these mangled names for functions should mirror how we discover the function uses in the code, right ? my vision sees a hash table somewhere, where in this hash table we store that first identifier string in this hash table, if we parse the function call and the first identifier is not in this hash table, we can know for sure this identifier is not a function, and we then attempt to parse as a variable. if it's in the hash table tho', then we proceed to try and match what we have in the current expression to an existing defined function in the hash table. I believe that while the keys in the hash table will be the first identifier string, each value in the hash table might be a trie of some sort, that is what is in my imagination. Let me paint it for you.. let's imagine three arbitrary functions, let max:, let max (a, b):, and let max of (a) and (b):.. in my mind when the first function (let max:..) is created, it is mangled to "max$0", and then the trie attached to the root "max" in the hash table is built with (max) -> ($0), right, that makes sense, right ? when we define (let max (a, b):..) and it is mangled to "max$2", after max is first searched in the hash table and found, it then inserts the "max$2" function by following the already existing (max) and then since there is no $2 node following next, we insert it as a child to (max), right ? so the trie like structure looks like (max) -> [ ($0), ($2) ], with max pointing both to the ($0) node and the ($2) node as well. now when we define the last function (let max of (a) and (b):..), it searches the hash table for "max", finds it, and then attempts to build the new signature into the trie. using its mangled name "max_of$1_and$2", adds the (of) node as a child of (max), adds the ($1) node as a child of (of), and then (and) and finally ($2), you get me ? with this, we have a signature trie of some sort, of the function definitions, we may be able to utilise something like this to also help the parser. Digest my idea, and let's talk about it.


